hello guys how are you today
guys I come to talk to you about a product
that is amazing that changed my life
completely did not have much faith the
true this product and itself when
concluded that we were going to try it but the
truth is that
it's pure technology in cosmetics the
Color correcting greens exists and cream
as many people call textile a is this and
this product actually saw it in the
past tutorial that I made of victory
beckham and good what I liked this is
which is a separate moisturizer
contains the factor 20 solar producer
and the curls of this cream is coming
a tone like blue that I show you
the cinemas
as you see as a strange blue tone and what
important is that contact with
skin
it turns from the tone of fact I bought the
mine as a tone but you can see
is completely confused with the tone of the
skin what I like this product is
that corrects much any hue
that is reddish that looks very yellow
well different shades come as in
six different shades and I'm occupying
right now number three I'm
what I like this cream is that you
leaves a very soft finish very high in the
skin and gives good health coverage as
of passarella on the skin as if
I was a little wet as between
sweaty but I think it 's very good for
types of normal dry skin
it works amazing even if you're
mixed I think it would look good
I would only recommend that you put
dust on my skin is normal to dry I
if I still put powder on him
only so that it lasts me throughout
the day but they have days of chulilla
today I do not bring anything of it's going to be
where I put the physics and I put a
little powder on top of mirabalais without
end and it is natural of marc and was thus the
true that the skin is very nice level
it is very red then the shades that
has the color correcting wind help me
very much to remove everything red from me
congratulate you not to see but also for
the pigments and the powders it contains
This cream helps you to fade lines
of expression and also the pretty ones
then not only correct the
hyperpigmentation of the skin that I 'm
you have many spots, they are many
redness as I also helps you to
the skin is very soft porcelain like
I had previously commented on
catwalk the busy sunset of the senate and
they have very young skin or mature skin or
any skin color you have is what
good about this product that suits
your needs to your skin tone and
correct what you gave me is correct and
exposes the beauty of your skin
which I think is the best we can
do when choosing a cosmetic product
something that I also found out about this
product and I did not know why I thought that
it was just like
corrective also as correction of
color is that you keep your skin
hydrated for more than 72 hours thanks
moisturizing ingredients the
technology to seal hydration in
your skin that has physics is
incredible does not give you a
light to medium coverage in a finish
matt satin then it is not
completely matte but neither does it shine
too much overtures you can give it a
very light layer first to get
a super lightweight layer a culture that
you almost do not notice that it's invisible or you
can give a second layer and good
it returns medium then if it can reach
cover those annoying neighborhoods a little bit
what we have
not only is it an instant effect
with continuous use that helps me to
the hyperpigmentation can not be either
hyperpigmentation and the machines that
we have on the skin go as if taking off
vanishing little by little then
it also gives that effect as incredible the
long-term skin is free of
parabens and has many antioxidants
what also fascinates me and I'm
traumatized with antioxidants since
I live in the city because the radicals
free as pollution video dust
attack the skin directly will help
our skin no signs of
very early age thing that girls like
I am 21 years old we do not want and good apart
as it has solar effect then everything in
you do not have to worry
first as the blocker and then the
cream and then makeup
I will also busy you as prime is a
cinema quite well and you put a very
light oil to correct the
hyperpigmentation and then put your
favorite base on top that was amazing
for a long time and the skin remains
super soft and so much is but also
as prime air and I recommend it I use it
very much as you can see it in
out is around 600 pesos and what
only thing that I do not think is that I think
for 600 pesos has very little product
I do not know I feel I have a little
matured product right now gives more or less
one month but if I use it almost daily but
Still, I do not know, let's see when it's over
I told them to know market but that
get is incredible I send you a
I kiss huge boys and I leave you the
product description on my blog by
if something of what I said did not understand
pretty good or I did not say anything to them
can www.goltv.tv will be all the
product information that I liked
I did not like it and if it is convenient to buy it
then this is all for today
I send them a huge kiss and I see them very
soon in my next video
and
do not
i